Database tooling (#365)
lewagon/setup: _partials/ubuntu_sqlite.md

## SQLite

> [SQLite](https://sqlite.org/index.html) is a database engine used to execute CRUD commands on databse files. Let's install it with `homebrew` .

Reviewer: If we put SQLite before PostgreSQL, then we can move the database intro sentence here and adapt it a bit: 

```suggestion
In a few weeks, we'll talk about databases and SQL. [SQLite](https://sqlite.org/index.html) is a database engine used to execute CRUD commands on database files. Let's install it:
```

Then we could update the PostgreSQL section intro sentence with something like: 
> Sometimes, SQLite is not enough and you will need a more advanced too called PostgreSQL, an open-source, robust and production-ready database system.

In a terminal, execute the following commands:

```bash
sudo apt-get install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev
```

Then run the following command:

```bash
sqlite3 -version
```

> You should see a version. If not, ask a teacher.

Reviewer: Let's add our conventional emojis here: 

```suggestion
:heavy_check_mark:  If you see a version, you're good +1
:x:  If not, ask for a teacher
```
